In this notebook, we're going to take a look at how we can use
the built-ins in Python to perform singular value decomposition.
So, to get started, we'll read in our data set.
Notice that we're reading in the movies and
reviews datasets that you used in the last lesson.
But then we're actually going to subset them down to only a few different movies,
and we'll store that information in this user movie subset.
This is the thing that we're going to be using throughout the rest of this notebook.
So, to get started, we'll answer a few questions about
the user movie subset and make
sure that we understand the dataset then we're going to be working with.
The first question here is,
what's the number of users in the user movie subset?
That should be user_movie zero.
So, it looks like there's 20 there,
the number of movies is four,
which I saw on that first part.
But we could add to stop one here and we get that.
The user ID with the highest average ratings given.
So, if we do mean axis equals one.
Looks like user 265 has an average rating of 10.
That's e are equal,
the movie ID with the highest average ratings received.
If I change this to zero,
it looks like that this movie,
68646, which is b and the name of the movie.
From the movies, if I grab the movie ID is equal to b,
and then I'll just pull the movie name,
which is in the movie column.
Oh! So, it looks like it's the godfather.